FileCheck: add page (#15433)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/filecheck.md

# FileCheck

> Flexible pattern matching file verifier.

> > It is typically used from LLVM regression tests and forms a part of lit test.

Reviewer: What is a lit test?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It is typically used from LLVM regression tests and forms a part of a `lit` test.
```

We could make this clearer by modifying the description like this

Author: Nice suggestion

> More information: <https://llvm.org/docs/CommandGuide/FileCheck.html>.

- Match `input_file` content with pattern file `check_file`:

`FileCheck --input-file={{path/to/input_file}} {{path/to/check_file}}`

> - Match input from the standard input stream with pattern file `check_file`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Match input from the `stdin` with pattern file `check_file`:
```
